[Serve] [Doc] Update key concepts for 2.0, remove deprecated APIs (#26965)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/key-concepts.md

  def other_method(self, arg):
      return self.msg

my_first_deployment = MyFirstDeployment.bind("Hello world!")
```

Deployments can be exposed in two ways: exposed to an end user over HTTP, or 
exposed to other deployments in Python by including them in the input argument of `.bind()` for other deployments,
e.g. `deployment_1.bind(deployment_2)`.
By default, HTTP requests will be forwarded to the `__call__` method of the class (or the function) and a `Starlette Request` object will be the sole argument.
You can also define a deployment that wraps a FastAPI app for more flexible handling of HTTP requests. See {ref}`serve-fastapi-http` for details.

> To serve multiple deployments defined by the same class, use the `name` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy multiple deployments that serve the same class or function, use the `name` option:
```

      return "Hello world!"
```

> After binding the deployment and running Serve, it is now exposed by the HTTP server and handles requests using the specified class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After binding the deployment and running `serve.run()`, it is now exposed by the HTTP server and handles requests using the specified class.
```

(serve-key-concepts-query-deployment)=
## ServeHandle

We can also query the deployment from other deployments using the {mod}`ServeHandle <ray.serve.handle.RayServeHandle>` interface.

```python
deployment_1 = Deployment1.bind()

# deployment_1 will be passed into the constructor of Deployment2 to use as a
# Python handle (a ServeHandle) in the code for Deployment2.
deployment_2 = Deployment2.bind(deployment_1)
```

As noted above, there are two ways to expose deployments. The first is by using the {mod}`ServeHandle <ray.serve.handle.RayServeHandle>`
interface. This method allows you to access deployments from within other deployments in Python code, making it convenient for a

> Python developer composing models together. And the second is by using the HTTP request, allowing access to deployments via a web client application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python developer to compose models together. And the second is by using the HTTP request, allowing access to deployments via a web client application.
```
